## Shiju Varghese: Nervous System Healing and EFT Practitioner 

Shiju Varghese is a Nervous System Health Coach for regulating the Autonomic Nervous System, Energy Medicine Healing practitioner, Emotional Freedom Techniques (EFT) Tapping practitioner, and practitioner and teacher of Mindfulness and Vipassanā Meditation. He provides Brain-Mind-Body coaching and nervous system level healing to resolve stress, anxiety and trauma. He believes that the root cause of most of the chronic diseases is the chronic and traumatic stress that leads to dysregulation in the Nervous System and Gut Microbiome. Thus, by healing the nervous system from trauma which includes childhood trauma, we can achieve self-healing, greater health, and vitality, which can also achieve Gut health by combining with good diet.

He specialises in healing Anxiety and Depression, PTSD, Chronic Pain and Fibromyalgia, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, Autoimmune Diseases, Phobias, Addictions, by regulating the Autonomic Nervous System and educating the connection of brain, mind, body and environment. He guides his clients to reach their highest potential by changing limiting beliefs and healing the mind and brain. His primary interest lies at the intersection of science and spirituality, with a strong interest in Epigenetics, Neuroplasticity, Psychoneuroimmunology, Polyvagal Theory, Quantum Physics, Energy Medicine and Consciousness. He combines EFT Tapping and Dr. Stephen W. Porge's Polyvagal Theory for his Brain-Mind-Body healing practice.
